
=pod

=head1 NAME

manage-iocs - Utility to report/manipulate EPICS soft IOCS

=head1 SYNOPSIS

manage-iocs [-v] [-x] <cmd> [arguments...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script performs a variety of tasks related to
administration of systems hosting several EPICS softIocs.
It is integrated with the softioc init script also provided.
manage-iocs has a number of commands which can be grouped into two
catagories: reporting and admin.

=head2 Reporting

=over

=item B<help>

Print usage message

=item B<report> [iocname]

Print a table of information with one line for each configured
softioc.  Includes username, procServ port, user to run as, and
command to execute.

=item B<status>

List all installed IOCs.  Indicates if the associated procServ
is running, and whether it is registered to automatically start
on reboot.

=item B<nextport>

Helper when creating a new IOC instance.  Tries to find a port
for procServ which isn't used.  Finds the highest port number
in use and adds one.

=back

=head2 Admin

=over

=item B<install> iocname

Creates/updates the init script associated with an IOC in
/etc/init.d/.

=item B<enable> iocname

Register an IOC instance so that it will be started automatically
when the system reboots.

=item B<disable> iocname

Unregister an IOC so that it will not start with the system reboots.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-h>

Print usage message.

=item B<-v>

More verbose output

=item B<-x>

Turn on shell echoing.  Very verbose.

=back

=head1 FILES

=over

=item F</etc/default/epics-softioc>

Global configuration.  This must include a definition of B<$SOFTBASE>
which is a ':' seperated list of IOC base directories.  For example:
SOFTBASE=/epics/iocs

=item F</epics/iocs/config/global>

Configuration for all IOCS in that base directory.

=item F</epics/iocs/[IOC]/config>

Configuration for a single IOC instance.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Michael Davidsaver <mdavidsaver@bnl.gov>

=cut
